Chapter 3 - Structure and Content of Messages (#10)
BankAxept/bankaxept-ctsp-external-documentation: docs/structure_and_contents_of_messages.md

| 2 - 5    | 	"Request Release & version of the protocol. 1000: version 1"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | 
|          | "Response Value is echoed back in response."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| 6 - 8    | "Request Always set to 000."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> |          | "Response When Cloud TSP rejects a message for format error, this element contains the number of the first erroneous data element. Otherwise, this element contains: ‘000’."                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|          | "Response When Token Service rejects a message for format error, this element contains the number of the first erroneous data element. Otherwise, this element contains: ‘000’."                                                                                                                                    |
```
